HeeJin: For example, I’ll take a photo of you, HyunJin and
HeeJin: Also take a photo of ViVi and kind of like that
HeeJin: We have to take photos of each other!
HeeJin: And also we have to take a picture of your backside.
HyunJin: Why?
HeeJin: Because they told me to do it!
(2Jin taking an official photo with a smartphone)
(Meanwhile, Kim Lip is taking an unofficial photo with DSLR next to 2Jin!)
Kim Lip: Guys in the back, excuse me~
Kim Lip: Choerry, your hair is a little messy
Choerry: Thanks~
Kim Lip: And lower your shoulder~
Kim Lip: Pull your chin down, please~
Kim Lip: Open your eyes wide~
Kim Lip: 1, 2, 3!
(Kim Lip is really into a photo shooting with the DSLR camera!)
JinSoul: Do it like a real photographer!
Kim Lip: Good~
Kim Lip: Okay~
HyunJin: It's agianst the light, isn't it?
Kim LIp: Right~
Kim Lip: (Hair style) It looks more luxurious, right?
Kim Lip: It's a color of Eclipse
(HyunJin is back!)
Kim Lip: I guess she wants to get my hair
Kim Lip: Okay, you can try!
Kim Lip: I think it's better fit for you than a yellow color
HyunJin: Hey, I think it's good!
HyunJin: Give it to me!